Here's 11 years of brutally honest
feedback from what I've seen over my
career that has absolutely [__] people
and things that have also really helped
on the path to million-dollar months.
There are many things that help and
there are many things that can harm you
and you got to be cognizant of all
those. If you're new to the channel,
welcome in. That's all we talk about
around here, hitting million-dollar
months. And of course, if you're already
a subscriber, welcome back. Either way,
there's no earning potential, no income
claims. We don't know who the [__] you
are. We have no idea if you have any
potential to go out there and hit
million-dollar months. All we know are
the lessons from people who have been
there, done that that we're handing down
to people like you here on YouTube. But
again, there's no earnings potential.
There's no income claims. All we're
doing is just handing down lessons in
these little byite-sized clips on
YouTube. So, welcome in. Pleasure to
have you. Without further ado, let's
dive into it. So, first things first,
and this is really important you
understand this, okay, you have to know
when to adjust your risk profile. Okay,
adjusting up is one of the most
important things that actually helps
make a lot more money. When to adjust
the risk profile can be determined by
when you are able to successfully pull
the money that you initially risked out
and put it back into your pocket and
start playing with house money from that
point forward. Let's use the example
that I have $50,000 in ad spend that I
want to put into Facebook, Mr.
Zuckerberg's pockets over the following
30 days. Whether it be a webinar test,
call funnel, whatever it is. I give Zuck
$50,000 and it's $50,000 of my money.
$50,000 that I risk that I pull out of
my bank account and throw towards
Zuckerberg's bank account instead. Okay,
that is technically the highest risk
scenario that we're in because it's our
money that we're risking. Okay, once we
actually get to the point where the
webinar goes well or the call funnel
goes well and we simply generate a
return on that cash, the most important
thing that we need to acknowledge is
that with the money that we technically
profit it, okay, that is the money that
we can more aggressively gamble with
moving forward as we should. I'll give
you a very simple analogy as an example.
If I invested into technically it's
still an alternative asset, but I mean,
hey, most of us have money in it. If I
invested into something like Bitcoin,
okay, that's arguably I don't
necessarily know if it's safe or if it's
smart for me to say that it's safe, but
it's like the biggest one of all the
cryptocurrencies that exist. That's
technically the safest because that's
where the most money flows. If I got a
return, okay, let's say that I invested
$10,000 into Bitcoin. I returned
$50,000. I sold $10,000 of it and I was
able to put that back into my pocket
after capital gains taxes. Now I've got
$40,000 that I have free and clear. That
would be a great time to go take that
40k and invest into butt fuckcoin or
whatever else is out there. That's
obviously going to be much much higher
risk. The reason I would do that in that
example is because I'm technically
playing with house money. When you walk
into the casino and you bet $5,000 of
your own money and you officially get it
back on one of those blackjack hands and
you put it back in your pocket, you're
still left with 10 grand. You
aggressively gamble what's left in an
attempt to turn it into far more money.
The best part about business and the
best part about advertising and having a
true ATM profit center of a funnel or
ideally set of funnels that are
consistently turning your dollars into
more dollars is that you have the
ability to be in control of it. increase
the probability of outcomes and returns
being in your favor comparatively to
crypto or literal gambling at casinos in
the two examples I provided to you. This
is one of the best times and technically
the most safe times to reinvest and take
more aggressive actions. Okay, that's
the part that most people really miss
that either helps them a lot if they do
do it successfully or that really holds
back the revenue potential. It's just
disassociating from the idea that the
profit that you initially generate is
something that you should go and do
something else with. Okay, it shouldn't
have another purpose initially. It
should be I need to take greater risks.
So, as a great example of that, let's
use the example that you're phenomenal
with call funnels, okay? And you
consistently do extremely well there and
you're kicking out tens of thousands or
maybe even hundreds of thousands of
dollars in profit per month out of your
call funnels, right? You don't have to
risk literally all of it, but siphoning
off a good chunk of that and throwing it
towards webinars, throwing it towards a
challenge funnel, throwing it towards
low ticket to high ticket, or [__] even
just reinvesting it into generating far
more calls and maxing out your closing
team's calendar availability, hiring
more closers, and then doing it again.
There are far greater ways to make far
more money in far shorter durations of
time by simply adjusting your risk
profile. It is a mandatory
characteristic and I've seen it play out
so well when people do it and I've also
seen it just detrimentally [__] people
and hold back their potential when they
don't. One of the other things that's
along the lines of that type of thinking
but a different lesson in itself is you
have to avoid split testing your way to
poverty. Okay, I get so many people like
there was a guy in the inner circle
joins in still with us today. He I can't
remember a couple months back starts
telling me he's at like a 40% margin. He
has comparison bias and he's comparing
his business to 80% margin businesses
and he's like,
>> I don't really want to scale until I hit
an 80% margin.
>> And it was I was like, what the [__] are
you talking about? Like you're netting
40%. That's above average for any
traditional business that exists. And
>> he's like, yeah, you know, but I'm not
really a traditional business, you know?
It's like I I compare myself to like
XYZ.
>> Comparison bias can [__] you so hard. is
a damaging thought to have to
participate in comparison bias and
prevent scale solely because you want to
split test your way to an 80% profit
margin and not spend more money to make
more money while you're still at
profiting 40%. I can't stress that
enough. It's like the other ways that
this specific lesson of split testing
your way into poverty presents itself is
you're in the process of making turning
dollars into more dollars. You're
profiting. Okay? And I've seen people
with phenomenal rorowaz like I've seen
this happen to guys without exaggeration
that are like 17 to1 rorowaz. Okay? and
they do this thing where they're like,
"Oh, well, I started to scale and my
rorowaz went from 17 to1 to 14:1, so I'm
going to stop scaling. I'm actually
going to pull back a little bit and
instead what I'm going to do is I'm just
going to split test my way back to a 17
rorowaz so I can scale and hold back."
And it's like, dude, that's just not how
it works. Okay, most people, they never
do math. A core lesson is you obviously
have to do math. You just simply put
when I say you have to do math, this is
really just financially modeling out
whatever funnels that you've got. Okay,
financially modeling funnels, your ads,
your sales process, that reveals to you
how truly dumb it is in that specific
example to be at a 17 to1 rorowaz, drop
to a 14 to1 rorowz, and just stop
spending more money. If you did basic
math, you'd reveal that if you spent a
fuckload more money, you'd still make a
fuckload more money. Likely in that
scenario, even if you were at a 10 to
one, you'd still make a fuckload more
money net if you actually were able to
spend and get off a lot more cash. Okay,
one of the other big things like
brutally honest marketing feedback I've
seen that can really help or really hurt
somebody, believe it or not, an
alternative lesson you might not be
thinking with credit line. Okay, whether
it's Facebook invoicing, whether it's
literal credit cards, okay, whether it's
just having access to more capital in
real time when necessary. I have seen
businesses where I I'll give you a
perfect example. This literally just
happened last month. We have a client
who had a million-doll Facebook
invoicing credit line, okay? They spend
about $500 to $600,000 a month. When you
have Facebook invoicing, it operates on
a net30. Okay, so they opted to
accumulate about $995,000
of debt. Okay, I woke up one day, the
ads manager just showed that $0 was
being spent. I was like, hm, what's
going on? Maybe there's a payment method
verification issue. Something's clearly
happening. What could it be? I naturally
navigate my way to the billing and
payment section of the ads manager, and
bang, I'm faced with a $995,000
bill, and it was on a Saturday. Okay.
The only way you can pay that is via
wire. Wires won't process and pay until
Monday. In addition to that, they
generally take, and they claim this
themselves, about 2 to 3 days for it to
actually post to your invoicing amount.
Something as simple as not paying
attention to how much total amount owed
going towards Facebook invoicing. The
cash was available. There was no issue
with being able to pay it to be clear.
But due to the fact that they didn't pay
it because it operated on a net 30 and
nobody thought about it, now there was
no ad spend going out for upwards of
five full days. Well, five full days
when you're spending5 to $600,000 a
month. Do the math. It's a lot of
[__] money. It's tens of thousands of
dollars in ad spend that's lost and it's
literally in that example due to their
rorowaz hundreds of thousands of dollars
in revenue loss. The sales people morale
goes to near zero cuz they wake up going
into Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday with
literally zero [__] calls in their
calendar. Only followup. Okay. having
access to credit lines. Like sometimes
you'll get a financial audit from AMX
and unless you have like Chase backup
cards, City cards, like literally just
whatever credit line cards that you can
make available to yourself. If you get
financially audited by AMX and you're
currently with the no preset spending
limits and you get audited and they say,
"Oh, now you got a hard credit limit on
every single one of your cars that you
have access to, you're [__] cooked.
you're either going to have to cycle
cash from your account to pay down those
AMXs in a much shorter sales cycle or in
a much shorter cash velocity cycle which
could really harm your cash flow and
your scale potential as a as a result of
not having other credit available. Okay,
so again make sure that you have credit
lines, okay, and a lot of them at that
credit lines give you the freedom to be
able to scale and expand, especially
when you have favorable terms with the
people that you have credit lines with.
Okay. Time and time again, one of the
other things that I see, and you've
heard me say this if you've been a
repeat viewer of my channel, I try to
say it quite often because it's a very
central belief of mine that has
benefited me tremendously over the years
as a marketer. Okay? I do not want to be
right. Okay? I just want to make money.
That's it. Okay? I just want to get the
results. That's all that I'm here to do.
I have opinions. Okay? I have beliefs. I
have things that I'll project onto what
I'm doing that I believe are going to
make things more probable to work. But
when they're not working, I will detach
from them and do literally anything else
that makes it more probable for me to
get a result and an outcome. Okay? I
will not stay attached to things that
are inhibiting my potential and my
expansion. Okay? I will change what I'm
thinking in real time. Beliefs cause
wars. Okay? Beliefs are what lead to all
conflict. And you can have conflicting
beliefs that can drive yourself into a
terrible position when you stay attached
to specific beliefs. Okay, along that
same line of thinking, over the last 11
years, I know this one's more of like a
monk lesson, but it is so true when it
comes to marketing. You must practice
the art of detachment. Okay, when you
become attached, and there's all kinds
of things. It's like I've seen people
that have a very profitable, let's say,
webinar funnel and they've automated it
and it's just worked year in and year
out and then all of a sudden there's
just many months in a row where it's no
longer working. Every CRO thing that
they've done under the sun isn't having
any positive effect on it. Just [__]
dies. And instead of rotating away from
it, doing something else, becoming
profitable elsewhere, they stay
attached. And that attachment pulls a
lot of that profit that they've been
able to accumulate right back into
Zuckerberg's pocket. The art of
detachment comes in many ways, shapes,
and forms in advertising. It also comes
with ad creatives. As an example, I've
seen people that have killer ad
creatives. So much so that they will
never run an ad without that specific
creative. And I come in and I'll teach
them something about ad fatigue where
I'll say things like, "Look, I think
that a great idea for you would be to
have completely different creatives than
what you've historically had. go out and
film videos like this. Go out and make
image ads like this. And when you
relaunch your campaign, pull out every
historical creative that ran and just
launch it with these completely new
ones. Let's see what happens. And the
people who do that, who practice the art
of detachment, they typically see
phenomenal results from overcoming ad
fatigue in that specific way. It's also
what Meta Andromeda, the new step one of
the creative recommendation process in
their algorithm that we have an entire
video on dedicated here on this YouTube
channel. That alone requires you to have
creative diversification. If you choose
not to have a lot of creative well-
diversified creative assets, you just
have to increase the quantity
exponentially of whatever creatives you
currently have. They cite an example of
50 creatives a week as an example. 200
creatives a month. Here's my point. In
either scenario, whether it be the ad
fatigue protocol, whether it be dealing
with the best practices of Meta
Andromeda, if you practice the art of
attachment and you just stay latched on
to these specific creatives that you are
currently running that are inefficiently
spending your dollars and driving up
your cost per result and artificially
lowering your rorowaz, you're
self-inflicting financial loss. It
doesn't make any sense. Okay. What you
must do when I say you have to practice
the art of detachment, it's like you
have to let go of the opinions. Okay?
Try what you think is probable to work.
Sure, I'm all for that. I do it all the
[__] time. But when something that
I'm attempting to do doesn't work, I
detach from it. When I am running
something for a long duration of time
and it is causing my spend to be
inefficient, I detach from it. When I
have a funnel that is losing money for a
sustained duration of time with so many
different tests and best practices being
applied to it and it's still not
working, I'm not going to continue
losing money. I'm going to detach from
it. When I have somebody that was a core
part of our business for a long time
that all of a sudden is a [__] and no
longer going to help the business drive
more revenue and move forward, I'm going
to detach from them. Okay. The art of
detachment is what enables you to
progress at a faster rate. And along
that same line of thinking, we'll go
into the next one here. The speed in
which you solve problems directly
dictates success. Okay? It dictates the
speed of success. critical
missionritical lesson. So many I I look
at it like this, okay, I'll give you a
direct example with this literal
facility that I'm sitting in right now.
We acquired this about 3 weeks ago. We
got it for our Jeremy's Inner Circle
mastermind venue and we also use it as
an office for the other 361 days of the
year. It's incredible. Got a big 220in
screen. I installed a baller sound
system. I redid the floors. Had to buy
150 chairs. I put up these random wall
graphics that you may be able to see. I
got a ping pong table, a pool table. I
got four branded arcade machines. I got
so much furniture for this place, coffee
machines. Had to get some permitting
issues resolved with the city for some
violations as it related to my
bathrooms. I had to get the roof redone.
I had to paint [__] I had to paint a
We're in Windwood here in good old
Miami, Florida, and everything's
graffitied and has a bunch of awesome
murals. I had to hire a mural guy. I had
to repaint the doors. I had to clean up
the lot that we have. I'm likely going
to have to refence the lot, run power to
the gate of the lot. I'm going to have
to redo the [__] finish of the lot. I
had to pay for a dumpster. I had to do
like so many little little [__]
things. Okay? So many things. And now
here's the situation. Every single one
of those problems was there for me to
face either way. It was inevitable for
me to come across every single one of
these problems, right? And it's a
self-determining approach to say what
pace I want to deal with those problems.
They're all there no matter what. Okay?
I do not want to deal with them over a
broader duration of time. I'd rather
stack them all up and deal with them in
an extremely short duration of time.
Every contractor who was coming in here
for repeat work or just their ongoing
work that they needed to do. Even my
neighbors in these fellow businesses
alongside of me were like, "What the
[__] is going on over? You guys are
going crazy. You guys are there's a
rapid like you're just speeding through
this [__] Wow.
>> And I'm over here thinking to myself, I
could go faster. I could get more things
done. I'm pissed that XYZ of a
contractor couldn't come on a specific
day that I had a bunch of other people
over here doing [__] Now, here's the
point I'm attempting to make. It's a
choice to move at a faster pace. It's a
choice to deal with all of the problems
in a shorter duration of time and just
blitz through them and solve every one
of them so I could get to the other side
where it's usable for things like this,
where it's usable for workshops I want
to have here, where it's usable for my
staff and myself to use as a [__]
office facility, where it's usable for
our Jeremy's inner circle masterminds
that we do every quarter that there's
links for down in the description. I
can't stress enough in marketing, one of
the silliest things is thinking that by
choosing to deal with a specific problem
at a very slow pace that you're just not
going to have the other problems to deal
with that follow up right afterwards.
The problems are all there. They're
inevitable. Once you solve one, the next
one immediately presents itself. The
next quest is available to start. Okay?
Why not quest stack? Why not just blitz
through a bunch of [__] at once? It is
what dictates success, speed, and
potential. It's why there's kids that
are like 20 years old that you're
sitting here watching run [__]
circles around you. They solve the
bigger problems that you're just
choosing to go slow and [__] lolly
gag with. Okay? The people who have made
so much more than you that continue to
[__] sweep you, they've just overcome
the things and become aware of the
things and problem solved the things
that are just currently holding you back
that you're tolerating. You got to
shorten your tolerance fuse. Okay,
emotion is a tool. When you have
whatever it is that you're currently
facing and you become intolerable of it,
being fed up is an emotion in itself.
It's this feeling of like, I'm better
than this. I should be beyond this. This
little [__] thing shouldn't be
holding me back. I deserve more.
>> And that that like almost like disgust,
right? That feeling that you can
generate and just hold in your chest
that drives the action cycle. Okay. the
inspiration, the good, the positive
emotions, the desire for more and for
better conditions that can be leveraged
and held in your chest and used to
create more momentum, more energy, more
movement, faster cycle speeds. You
understand? That's what's critical,
okay? Is cycle stacking and rapidly
moving through those cycles, okay? It
dictates a lot. I will also close out
with this and and maybe one or two more,
okay? You don't know what you don't
know. There was during the crazy 9/11
attacks here in America a CIA director
at the time who gets up in front of a
bunch of journalists and the journalist
they asked a point blank question. They
were like,
>> "How in the [__] world did we not
know that this was going to happen?"
>> And the CIA director, he answered with
this. He said, "In life, there's there's
three things. There's known knowns.
There's the things that we know that we
know. There's known unknowns, the things
that we know that we don't know. And
then there's unknown unknowns. The
things that we literally don't even know
that we don't know. And then he goes on
to say this was essentially an unknown
unknown. Okay. In scaling up a business,
okay, treating yourself like a computer,
updating your software, trying to
consume more data, okay, and the right
data at that unlocks new ways to think,
okay, you don't know what you don't
know. And it's that simple. Okay? Don't
over complicate it further than that.
When you know more stuff, you have a
higher probability to think with more
solutions, better solutions. You have
the ability to go into a group of people
and get a perspective. Okay? Try to get
a set of views that either validates
what you're thinking is accurate, true,
and a great decision or give you some
additional information and insights that
you're just not thinking with currently.
This is a very important distinction.
I've seen over the years from all the
people that we've worked with that have
cracked these million-dollar months and
beyond. These people, they relentlessly
pursue new data in all shapes, forms,
and sizes. Nowadays, a lot of it is
through LLMs and AI tools. There's a lot
of it that's still consumed in
traditional mechanisms like books like
you right here right now on YouTube
watching things like this, okay?
courses, masterminds, mentors, no matter
what it is, even just conversations with
great people, industry events, whatever
it is, the pursuit of additional
information loads you up with new ways
to think and it gives you new creative
options. The other big hack for this,
and this is really important to
understand, this is one thing that I've
seen as a great pro tip over the years.
Other people have accumulated data for
very specific things and compounded it
to a point where you likely will never
catch up to all of the specific things
that they've chosen to learn. Okay? And
no matter what you specifically spend in
terms of time, you likely just won't
catch up to certain people that you can
just bring into your business to provide
insights and perspectives. And so one
hack that a lot of the bigger people use
is they will hire people who are experts
who have spent that time who have
accumulated that experience doing things
that they want to do themselves. And
they'll hire these people for the
perspective that they can provide. Even
if the perspective does something as
simple as validating what they're
currently doing or what they currently
know. A lot of the times though it's not
just that. By by far it's not just that.
Most of the time it's all of the things
that you don't know. the other person
can look, analyze quickly, deploy
information that makes very rapid
results in a great direction and a solid
set of momentum possible for you. That's
why you constantly see me here. If
you're new to this channel, this would
be your first time hearing this. Of
course, if you're a repeat viewer,
you're going to hear it again. You
constantly hear me talk about how great
this channel can be for your growth and
for your momentum and for your success
potential. You'll also constantly hear
me talk about the courses, the
information, the education company
offers, the marketing agency offers that
we have in the links down in the
description. Like Jeremy's inner circle,
I do one-on-one calls. I do weekly group
calls. I do quarterly in-person
masterminds. And you could see how
serious I take this. This isn't like
some [__] [__] sitting here
selling you a side piece course income.
I have an education company, okay? And I
take it serious. I invest into my
people. I love my group, okay? of a very
active community of rich people trying
to get a fuckload richer. We have an
extensive course library that we
consistently update. We have Jeremy AI
that gives you real-time access to every
single thing I've documented and trained
on for you to be able to chat back and
forth with in real time. We have custom
AI develop softwares and tools for all
kinds of individual use cases that we
provide to those members. We have an
extensive ongoing updated SOP library
that you can feed into LLMs to make
things faster for you and obviously read
through them yourself and give them to
your staff. Also have my programs like
my master internet marketing offer. It's
a 7week live class that we teach live
once a year. You buy it any other time,
you get access to the previous cohorts
recording immediately. It's always
up-to-date information. That's why we do
it every year. When something changes
and there's a significant enough amount
of things that change, we redo literally
the entire client. Okay? It's extensive.
You can preview the first week of that
7-week class down in the description.
There should be a link for that if you
want to check it out as well. The point
I'm trying to make is is the people who
have made the most that we've worked
with over the years, they don't just
necessarily want us to do it. They want
to learn how to do it, too. They want to
learn what we're doing. They want the
awareness as well because it unlocks new
ways for them to creatively think and it
helps drive the results of the business
to a much greater place. Okay, can't
stress this enough. There's a tremendous
amount more that I could sit here and go
on and on and on about, but I don't want
to sit here and consume all of your
time. These are very high impact lessons
that I've sat here and provided to you,
but again, there's so much more, but
I'll leave those for the paid programs
that we have. Go check out some of my
other YouTube videos on this channel.
They're all very welloriented towards
you making a lot more, becoming more
aware. They're all very specific things
that you must know on your journey on
trying to crack million-dollar months or
add that next million a month to what
you're already doing. So, go get richer
and go consume some of those other
videos. And when you're ready, check out
those links down in the description.
Talk soon.